I don't know the dead man probably
didn't deserve what he got
doesn't make it special though all kinds
of people die out here the innocent and
the not so innocent if I'm lucky he
hasn't noticed me yet I want to warn him
I want to tell him to run to hide to get
out of sight so I won't have to kill him
that's what I want to say what actually
comes out of my mouth is hug of the
shiniest meet by second huh close enough
this is me I'm ready for us by tangler
yeah great
hey remember back when we were saying
she can taste the bloody hatred
guess not still can't hear me can you
little voice in your head trying to
remind you of a time when we could go
hours days even without screaming about
our desire to ride bicycles made of meat
I don't
Oh God
she's armed with a male 1 SMG she's a
vault hunter she's a siren warrior who
could kill me with her brain what the
hell is that a psycho she's the most
beautiful woman I've ever seen tell her
she's as gorgeous as a thousand sunsets
tell her you need her help
tell her to rescue you and care for you
and whatever you do do not scream the
word poop at the top of your lungs I'm
the conductor of the poop train it's
over idiot you're gonna die here now and
the last words out of your mouth full of
been trained oh great
now the rats are arriving turn around
siren
you're dead how to look back now strip
the flash no listen to me the wound will
solve all the wounds later but right now
if you don't listen to me she's gonna
die and it's gonna be your fault I'm
gonna put my pain into your soul
now tell her thank you tell her that
because of her we might actually one day
be able to act like a normal person
again like powdered my cockatiel for the
rib cage slaughter huh close enough